CMake install and naming (#73)
pboettch/json-schema-validator: README.md

# Weaknesses

Numerical validation uses nlohmann-json's integer, unsigned and floating point
types, depending on if the schema type is "integer" or "number". Bignum
(i.e. arbitrary precision and range) is not supported at this time.

# Building

This library is based on Niels Lohmann's JSON-library and thus has
a build-dependency to it.

Currently at least version **3.6.0** of NLohmann's JSON library
is required.

Various methods using CMake can be used to build this project.

## Build out-of-source

Do not run cmake inside the source-dir. Rather create a dedicated build-dir:

```Bash
git clone https://github.com/pboettch/json-schema-validator.git
cd json-schema-validator
mkdir build
cd build
cmake [..]
make
make install # if needed
ctest # run unit, non-regression and test-suite tests
```

## Building as shared library

By default a static library is built. Shared libraries can be generated by using
the `BUILD_SHARED_LIBS`-cmake variable:

In your initial call to cmake simply add:
```bash
cmake [..] -DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=ON [..]
```

## Providing access to nlohmann-json

The CMake-file of this libraries tries several ways to ultimately include
`nlohmann/json.hpp`

> During the cmake-configurate-step there are 4 tries done trying to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the cmake-configurate-step there are 3 tries done trying to
```

access nlohmann-json:

1. link with a nlohmann_json::nlohmann_json-target,

> 2. link with a nlohmann_json-target,

Reviewer: This option can be removed as it is covered by the first option.

> 2. link with a nlohmann_json-target,

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 3. find the nlohmann_json-cmake-package and link with nlohmann_json::nlohmann_json-target or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. find the nlohmann_json-cmake-package and link with nlohmann_json::nlohmann_json-target or
```

> 4. find path to `nlohmann/json.hpp`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. find path to `nlohmann/json.hpp`.
```

> 1 and 2 are there to make it work then this project is added as

Reviewer: typo. should be 

> 1 and 2 are there to make it work **when** this project is added as ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1 and 2 are there to make it work when this project is added as
```

> a sub-directory (via `add_subdirectory()`), 3 and 4 can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a sub-directory (via `add_subdirectory()`), 2 and 3 can be
```

assisted by setting the `nlohmann_json_DIR`-variable.

### Building as a CMake-subdirectory from within another project

Adding this library as a subdirectory to a parent project is one way of
building it.

If the parent project

- already used `find_package()` to find the CMake-package of nlohmann_json, method 1 will work.

> - uses the git-repo of nlohmann_json as a subdirectory, method 2 will work.

Reviewer: method 1 will work when the git-repo of nlohmann_json is used as a subdirectory. Method 2 will never be reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- uses the git-repo of nlohmann_json as a subdirectory, method 1 will work.
```

> - sets nlohmann_json_DIR, method 3 or 4 will work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- sets nlohmann_json_DIR, method 2 or 3 will work.
```

Afterwards a target called `nlohmann_json_schema_validator`
is available in order to compile and link.

### Building directly, finding a CMake-package. (short)

> When nlohmann-json has been installed, it provides files which allow to used

Reviewer: typo. should be:

> When nlohmann-json has been installed, it provides files which allows CMake's `find_package()` to be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When nlohmann-json has been installed, it provides files which allows
```

> CMake's `find_package()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CMake's `find_package()` to be used.
```

> This library is using the mechanism if `nlohmann_json::nlohmann_json`-target

Reviewer: > This library is using **this** mechanism if `nlohmann_json::nlohmann_json`-target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library is using this mechanism if `nlohmann_json::nlohmann_json`-target
```

does not exist.

The variable `nlohmann_json_DIR` can be used to help `find_package()` find this package.

### Building directly: provide a path to where to find json.hpp

The last method before fataling out is by providing a path where the file json.hpp can be found.

The variable `nlohmann_json_DIR` has to be used to point to the path
where `json.hpp` is found in a subdirectory called `nlohmann`, e.g.:

`json.hpp` is located in `/path/to/nlohmann/json.hpp`. The `cmake`-command has to be run as follows:

```bash
cmake -Dnlohmann_json_DIR=/path/to [..]
```

> ### Method 2 - long version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Method 1 - long version
```

Since version 2.1.0 this library can be installed and CMake-package-files will be
created accordingly. If the installation of nlohmann-json and this library
is done into default unix-system-paths CMake will be able to find this
library by simply doing:

```CMake
find_package(nlohmann_json REQUIRED)
find_package(nlohmann_json_schema_validator REQUIRED)
```

and

```CMake
target_link_libraries(<your-target> [..] nlohmann_json_schema_validator)
```
to build and link.

If a custom path has been used to install this library (and nlohmann-json), `find_package()`
needs a hint for where to find the package-files, it can be provided by setting the following variables

```CMake
cmake .. \
    -Dnlohmann_json_DIR=<path/to/>lib/cmake/nlohmann_json \
	-Dnlohmann_json_schema_validator_DIR:PATH=<path/to/>/lib/cmake/nlohmann_json_schema_validator
```

> Note that if the this library is used a cmake-package, nlohmann-json has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if the this library is used as cmake-package, nlohmann-json also
```

> also to be used a cmake-package.

Reviewer: Should be:
> Note that if the this library is used **as** cmake-package, nlohmann-json also has to be used **as** cmake-package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to be used a cmake-package.
```
